RHDEVDOCS-4788 (#55456)
openshift/openshift-docs: cli_reference/odo-important-update.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * cli_reference/developer_cli_odo/odo-important-update.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="odo-important_update_{context}"]
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
= Important update on `{odo-title}`
:context: odo-important-update

toc::[]

Red Hat no longer provide documentation support for `{odo-title}`.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> This is an upstream community link:http://odo.dev[document] and it is not supported by Red Hat.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an upstream community link:https://odo.dev[document] and it is not supported by Red Hat.
```

> This is an upstream community link:https://odo.dev[document] and it is not supported by Red Hat.

Reviewer 2: Odo is not fully supported as most other Red Hat Products, but there is limited support by Red Hat.

Odo is supported under Cooperative Community Support 
(https://access.redhat.com/solutions/5893251).

It might be better to mention this rather than say it is not supported.

> Red Hat no longer provides documentation for `{odo-title}`. You can refer the link:https://odo.dev[document] maintained by the upstream community for any information related to `{odo-title}`.

Reviewer 2: Saying out loud that Red Hat doesn't provide documentation for one of its projects sounds quite harsh, even if it is technically true. 

I think that this is something that should be reviewed by PM (@mohitsuman).
Maybe we can formulate this some other way.

Reviewer 3: We could also say something along the lines of RH doesn't provide documentation on the OpenShift docs site for odo.

Author: Thank you, @pmkovar for your suggestion. 
@mohitsuman Could you please share your input? Thank you!

Reviewer 2: >We could also say something along the lines of RH doesn't provide documentation on the OpenShift docs site for odo.

This sounds much better. 👍

Author: Thanks @pmkovar and @kadel for your suggestions. I have updated it as, "Red Hat does not provide information about odo on the OpenShift Container Platform documentation site. You can refer the link:https://odo.dev[document] maintained by the upstream community for any information related to odo."

Let me know your thoughts or approval?

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * cli_reference/developer_cli_odo/odo-important-update.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="odo-important_update_{context}"]
include::_attributes/attributes-openshift-dedicated.adoc[]
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
= Important update on `{odo-title}`
:context: odo-important-update

toc::[]

> Red Hat does not provide information about `{odo-title}` on the {OCP} documentation site. You can refer the link:https://odo.dev[document] maintained by the upstream community for any information related to `{odo-title}`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Red Hat does not provide information about `{odo-title}` on the {OCP} documentation site. See the link:https://odo.dev/docs/introduction[documentation] maintained by the upstream community for any information related to `{odo-title}`.
```
Refer -> see (IBM SG, pg. 378)

Reviewer 5: Red Hat does not provide information about `{odo-title}` on the {OCP} documentation site. See the link:https://odo.dev/docs/introduction[documentation] maintained by the Red Hat and upstream community for any information related to `{odo-title}`.

I would like to add Red Hat there so that it conveys that the odo.dev doc is primarily RH maintained.

Author: Updated the content.

> Red Hat does not provide information about `{odo-title}` on the {OCP} documentation site. See the link:https://odo.dev/docs/introduction[documentation] maintained by the Red Hat and upstream community for any information related to `{odo-title}`.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Red Hat does not provide information about `{odo-title}` on the {OCP} documentation site. See the link:https://odo.dev/docs/introduction[documentation] maintained by Red Hat and the upstream community for documentation information related to `{odo-title}`.
```

> Red Hat does not provide information about `{odo-title}` on the {OCP} documentation site. See the link:https://odo.dev/docs/introduction[documentation] maintained by Red Hat and the upstream community for documentation information related to `{odo-title}`.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
Red Hat does not provide information about `{odo-title}` on the {OCP} documentation site. See the link:https://odo.dev/docs/introduction[documentation] maintained by Red Hat and the upstream community for information related to `{odo-title}`.
```

[IMPORTANT]
====

> For the documents maintained by the upstream community, Red Hat provides limited support under link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/5893251[Cooperative Community Support]. 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
For the documents maintained by the upstream community, Red Hat provides support under link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/5893251[Cooperative Community Support]. 
```

I would remove the word limited as we still want customers to raise support tickets and support team can guide to respective team. This is to make sure when we reach out to customers, we convey that RH is fully invested in this project.

Author: Updated.
